That looks... That looks good. Can you just export that for tomorrow?
Yeah.
Cool. What do you want for lunch? How about... burritos?
No, no... no.
Beans make me gassy.
You know we have restrooms in the office right?
Oh, I don't take number twos in there though.
Why not?
The lights in the bathroom are motion-sensored and when you're in the stall the lights go off before you can finish...
...your business.
Well, how long do you need in there?
Then are you afraid of the dark or something?
...No
Then just do it. I want burritos.
Hello? Yes. I would like two bean burritos to-go please. Yeah. Extra frijoles.
Aw, great.
Wes?
Phil?
Christine?
*whisper shouting* This is the men's restroom!
BOO!
*still whispering* Vandalism.
It's scary.
Ah!
Uh!
No!
*cranking noise*
Ooh!
Uh!
Wes!
Oh! Phil!
Uuuhh!
Uuhh!
Aah!
Uh!
*dramatic music crescendos*
I tipped the electrician 20 bucks.
*panting loudly*
Is someone hurt in there? I heard a woman scream.
Uh no no no, um, there is a man in there, and... he saw a spider and got scared.
Wow, that's almost as bad as being scared of the dark.
You know, statistically though, more people die while in the dark than from spider bites, so...
Anyway, d-do you work in this building?
Yeah, just down the hall.
Cool! I guess I'll be seeing you around, neighbor.
Yeah, I guess you will...you know, if the lights are on.
[RIP Taylor]
That was scary.
The dark, or the you talking to the girl at the end?
Ha-ha, Phil.
Whoa, well where are we?
Woah. New venue.
Pretty cool. Wow.
Pretty snazzy.
So now that we have you guys here, watch some of our other videos
Like that one...
...and the other one over there
...and the one on the far end
We make a lot of videos; you should check 'em out
See ya next Tuesday for another episode of "Offline"
[Yeap] And we actually have a lot of other new content that's coming up too so stay tuned and subscribe
Yep
Phil
It's not funny Phil!
Oh- Ahhh!